Starting Shizuku without a PC(using wifi-debugging) (#43)
kyujin-cho/pixel-volte-patch: README.en.md

   ![image-1](https://github.com/kyujin-cho/pixel-volte-patch/raw/main/assets/Screenshot_20230206-035249.png)
2. Open installed applciation.
   ![image-2](https://github.com/kyujin-cho/pixel-volte-patch/raw/main/assets/Screenshot_20230206-035312.png)

> 3. Follow the [official guide to start Shizuku using Wifi debugging](https://shizuku.rikka.app/guide/setup/#start-via-wireless-debugging) without needing any external PC, after that you should see something like "Shizuku is running" at your Pixel phone.
>    ![image-4](https://github.com/kyujin-cho/pixel-volte-patch/raw/main/assets/Screenshot_20230206-035351.png)
> 5. Now continue to next section.
> 
> ### Using a PC
> 3. Connect your Pixel phone with PC by following [this description](https://shizuku.rikka.app/guide/setup/#start-by-connecting-to-a-computer).
> 4. Start shizuku service by executing `adb shell sh /sdcard/Android/data/moe.shizuku.privileged.api/start.sh`. You should see something like "Shizuku is running" at your Pixel phone.
>    ![image-3](https://github.com/kyujin-cho/pixel-volte-patch/raw/main/assets/Screenshot%202023-02-06%20at%203.54.00%20AM.png)
>    ![image-4](https://github.com/kyujin-cho/pixel-volte-patch/raw/main/assets/Screenshot_20230206-035351.png)
> 5. Now continue to next section.

Reviewer: Splitting those two methods as a separate section seems much nicer.
```suggestion
### Starting Shizuku without PC (Wi-Fi connection required) 
1. Follow the [official guide to start Shizuku using Wifi debugging](https://shizuku.rikka.app/guide/setup/#start-via-wireless-debugging) without needing any external PC, after that you should see something like "Shizuku is running" at your Pixel phone.
   ![image-4](https://github.com/kyujin-cho/pixel-volte-patch/raw/main/assets/Screenshot_20230206-035351.png)
2. Now continue to next section.

### Using a PC
1. Connect your Pixel phone with PC by following [this description](https://shizuku.rikka.app/guide/setup/#start-by-connecting-to-a-computer).
2. Start shizuku service by executing `adb shell sh /sdcard/Android/data/moe.shizuku.privileged.api/start.sh`. You should see something like "Shizuku is running" at your Pixel phone.
   ![image-3](https://github.com/kyujin-cho/pixel-volte-patch/raw/main/assets/Screenshot%202023-02-06%20at%203.54.00%20AM.png)
   ![image-4](https://github.com/kyujin-cho/pixel-volte-patch/raw/main/assets/Screenshot_20230206-035351.png)
3. Now continue to next section.
```

Author: Done
